Add more info to the Monitor Overview (#22245)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/types/error_tracking.md

## Overview

> Datadog Error Tracking automatically groups all your errors into Issues across your web, mobile, and backend application to help you prioritize and find the problems that are most impactful making it easier to minimize service downtimes and reduce user frustration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Error Tracking automatically groups all your errors into issues across your web, mobile, and backend applications. Viewing errors grouped into issues helps you prioritize and find the problems that are most impactful, making it easier to minimize service downtimes and reduce user frustration.
```

### Select the alerting condition

There are two types of alerting conditions you can configure your Error Tracking monitor with:

| Alerting&nbsp;condition     | Description    | 
| ---  | ----------- |

> |Count| Alert on issues with a high number of errors. For example, getting alerted for your service whenever more than 500 occurrences of your error happens |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Count| Alert on issues with a high number of errors. For example, alert for your service whenever more than 500 occurrences of your error happen. |
```

> |New Issue| It triggers when an issue occurs for the first time. You have the option to be notified if a regression occurs, and set a threshold to reduce alerting fatigue.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|New Issue| Triggers when an issue occurs for the first time. You have the option to be notified if a regression occurs, and set a threshold to reduce alerting fatigue.|
```
